Hi Prashant,

Hope you are doing well.

Please find the attached resume of our consultant with 9+ years of experience as a Business Analyst. Please let me know the client details. If you need more info about our consultant please call/email me.

Visa - US Citizen
Location - Atlanta, GA
Relocate Anywhere - Remote or Hybrid around Atlanta, GA

Hope to hear back from you. You have a great day ahead.

(Please add my email to your distribution list for new requirements)

Thanks,
sandeep



Hi  Tejaswini

Hope you are doing well.

Please find the attached resume of our consultant with 9+ years of experience as a Quality Analyst. Please let me know the client details. If you need more info about our consultant please call/email me.

Visa - Green Card
Location - Philly, PA
Relocate Anywhere - Remote or Hybrid around Philly, PA

Hope to hear back from you. You have a great day ahead.

(Please add my email to your distribution list for new requirements)

Thanks,
sandeep





Hi Sanketh,

Hope you are doing well.

Please find the attached resume of our consultant with 15+ years of experience as an Oracle Developer and PL/SQL Please let me know the client details. If you need more info about our consultant please call/email me.

Name: Vikram
Technology: Oracle Developer and PL/SQL
Visa: Green Card
Experience: 15+ years

Hope to hear back from you. You have a great day ahead.

(Please add my email to your distribution list for new requirements)

Thanks,
sandeep





Hello Everyone,
Looking for any job opportunities?
We provide aggressive very quick & assured Placements within a short time on booming technologies.
We have mid level positions across USA.
We are hiring for C2C Project and We Place you.
If Non IT and having career gap or looking in IT field we'll help you out with project support and interview support.
We'll take care of you until you get the placement.
Best Pay Rate.
Need to be open for relocation.
Direct Marketing on :- ALL TECHNOLOGIES
Applicable for all visas : GC, US Citizens, TN visa,H4EAD, H1B, L2 EAD.
Note : We will take care #STEM (I-983), #Offer Letter (OPT Letter).
Reachme @ +1 207-800-9882
send your resume to sandeep.a@aurorainfosystems.com




Anyone looking for IT jobs in USA with Free Training and Placement.
Interested Ping me.







Candidate Full Name  

 Aritra Das

Phone: 

 9405944377

Email ID: 

 aritrasarkar11@gmail.com

Rate/Salary: 

 

Years of experience: 

 9 years

Total experience in US: 

 9 years

Last 4 Digit SSN

1404
Passport Number

680653091
Education (list both master’s & Bachelors with year of passing & university name) 

 Bachelors -University of Calcutta,2009, 

Masters - Institute for Psychotherapy and Management sciences, Mumbai 2011

Visa Status 

 US Citizen

Current employer name (who holds H1) 

 

LinkedIn Profile: Must 

 

Current Location: 

 Alpharetta, GA

Last project location 

 AIG, New Jersey

Willing to relocate 

 No

Availability to start on the project 

 ASAP

Next 3 days availability for Technical Screening (WebEx/Skype)  

August 14, August 15, Aug 16 

If Visa candidate, when did she/he came to US  

 

If Visa candidate What was visa on arrival  

 


